---
layout: post
title:  "All about me!"
date:   2018-01-10 21:15:05 +0000
image: /assets/images/contact3.jpg

---


So I see you're interested in learning more about me. I am a third year Software Engineering Student at UOIT (University of Ontario Institute of Technology). My interests lie in Data science/visualization, and Artificial Intelligence. Currently, I am searching for a summer coop as a developer


#### Professional Work

I have worked at **The Computer Geek** since May 2015. It is a Web Solutions company based in Ajax, ON. We have a variety of experience, mostly working as a freelance organization. I was a Back End Developer with a focus on fixing e-commerce/forum sites, creating static html sites, and adding functionality to sites based on client demand. I have worked with all kinds of CMS's in this time; WordPress, Jhoomla, and Drupal to name a few. It also gave me knowledge on how to interact with API's from various companies, such as Paypal, and UPS. There was a lot of communication for every job, we have to communicate with the client via email or phone, and between the team to stay on the same page.


#### University Efforts

I am currently the VP of Finance for the IEEE Student branch at UOIT. I manage the budgets for any equipment and events that take place, as well as any follow up documentation that needs to take place. I am also in the running to be the Chair for the 2018-2019 school year. My secondary role is to manage the **website**, this includes keeping it up to date with current events, activities, and oppritunities the students at UOIT can look forward to from the student branch. I have participated in the previous two **IEEExtreme competitions**. Having an interest in the competition, it was also my duty to organize the event. 


#### Personal Adventures

In Jan 2017, I, alongside my team, went to Pennsylvania for PennApps. We successfully created an image classification app for dog breeds, this was wrapped in a mobile app as a community based lost dog finding app, **Whereis.dog**. Later in the same month, I attended OEC 2017 at Carlton University. We were assigned to create an optimal solution for an energy grid system, allowing for energy to flow with the shortest delay even with shut downs at randomly selected locations. This task was to be completed overnight, and presented the next day. This also included creating a GUI, for which we used React and Vis.js.


#### Skills and Work Environment

I have worked in a multitude of programming languages for work and course assignments. Being a web developer, I have worked a lot with the LAMP stack. Currently, my interests lie in learning Python for AI and Data Science, as well as JavaScript for building full stack Web apps. I have experience with Windows, Linux, and MacOS; my setup as of now is a 2017 Macbook Pro using High Sierra. 

Recently, I took the Jose Padilla Data Science course on Udemy which teaches you how to use visualization and data manipulation libraries with python. This included Pandas, Seaborn, and Plotly to name a few.


#### Interests and Future Projects

My goal is to create user friendly, data visualizations using public data. I have an interest in the financial markets, which lead me to think up the Stock View project. That was developed for a course alongside my classmates. Look forward to more interesting projects and implementations from me!